
Okay, so now let's talk about objects.

So these objects, they're files

and they have what's called a key.

And an Amazon S3 object key is the full path of your file.

So if you look at my bucket,

this is the top level directory.

Then the key of my file at TXT is my file dot TXT.

But in case you want to nest it in what we call folders,

then the key is going to be the full path.

So my folder one slash another folder slash my file dot TXT.

Therefore, the key is composed

of a prefix and then an object name.

So we can, for example, decompose the path from before

into the prefix, which is my folder one and another folder,

and the object name, which is my file dot TXT.

So Amazon S3 does not have a concept of directories per se,

although when you look in the console, the UI,

you will think otherwise

and you will actually create directories.

But anything and everything in Amazon S3 is actually a key.

And keys are just very, very long names

that contain slashes and keys are made

of a prefix and an object name.

Okay, so the objects then, what are they?

Well, their values are the content of the body.

So you can upload a file,

you can upload whatever you want into Amazon history.

So the max object size is five terabytes.

So this is 5,000 gigabytes.

And if you upload a file that is very big

and if that file is greater than five gigabytes,

so a big file, okay, then you must use

the multi-part upload to upload that file

into several parts.

So if you have a file of five terabytes,

then you must upload at least 1,000 parts of five gigabytes.

Now, the object can also have metadata,

their list of key and value pairs, and that could be set

by the system or set by the user to indicate some elements

about the file, some metadata.

Their tags, for example, their Unicode key

and value pairs up to 10,

they're very useful for security and life cycles

and sometimes the object will have a version ID

if you have enabled versioning.

So that's it for an introduction to Amazon S3.

I'm sure you're curious about how that works,

so let's go in the console to get started.