# OAuth authentication
GitHub status updates will be performed on behalf of your personal GitHub identity. For pipelines to keep working, your repository access must remain active. Some GitHub features, like Checks, are unavailable with OAuth and require the GitHub App.

To use OAuth, select Choose a different connection below the list of repositories while creating a pipeline. Then, select Authorize to sign into GitHub and authorize with OAuth. An OAuth connection will be saved in your Azure DevOps project for later use, and used in the pipeline being created.

### Permissions needed in GitHub
To create a pipeline for a GitHub repository with continuous integration and pull request triggers, you must have the required GitHub permissions configured. Otherwise, the repository will not appear in the repository list while creating a pipeline. Depending on the authentication type and ownership of the repository, ensure that the appropriate access is configured.

If the repo is in your personal GitHub account, at least once, authenticate to GitHub with OAuth using your personal GitHub account credentials. This can be done in Azure DevOps project settings under Pipelines > Service connections > New service connection > GitHub > Authorize. Grant Azure Pipelines access to your repositories under "Permissions" here.

If the repo is in someone else's personal GitHub account, at least once, the other person must authenticate to GitHub with OAuth using their personal GitHub account credentials. This can be done in Azure DevOps project settings under Pipelines > Service connections > New service connection > GitHub > Authorize. The other person must grant Azure Pipelines access to their repositories under "Permissions" here. You must be added as a collaborator in the repository's settings under "Collaborators". Accept the invitation to be a collaborator using the link that is emailed to you.

If the repo is in a GitHub organization that you own, at least once, authenticate to GitHub with OAuth using your personal GitHub account credentials. This can be done in Azure DevOps project settings under Pipelines > Service connections > New service connection > GitHub > Authorize. Grant Azure Pipelines access to your organization under "Organization access" here. You must be added as a collaborator, or your team must be added, in the repository's settings under "Collaborators and teams".

If the repo is in a GitHub organization that someone else owns, at least once, a GitHub organization owner must authenticate to GitHub with OAuth using their personal GitHub account credentials. This can be done in Azure DevOps project settings under Pipelines > Service connections > New service connection > GitHub > Authorize. The organization owner must grant Azure Pipelines access to the organization under "Organization access" here. You must be added as a collaborator, or your team must be added, in the repository's settings under "Collaborators and teams". Accept the invitation to be a collaborator using the link that is emailed to you.